two teen sisters maya and ariana were
supposed to study in the library
but one of them went to a party instead
when they came back home
their parents could immediately tell who
hadn't been to the library
can you
it was maya look there's glitter in her
hair
mr harris is a landlord in his building
it's prohibited to have any pets but he
keeps hearing
some barking on the third floor there
are three apartments there
so he decides to pay a visit to everyone
who lives on that floor
mr walker ms clark and mr allen
can you tell who keeps a dog
it's mr allen take a look at the shoe
rack some of his shoes
are chewed four friends were going to
another city by car
but at some point something distracted
the driver and they got in a car crash
a police officer arrived and started the
investigation
he asked who had been driving but no one
took the blame
then the officer inspected the car can
you tell who the driver was
the driver was the red-haired girl
there's a sweater on the driver's seat
she's the only one not wearing a jacket
or sweater
so it must be hers mrs miller was
waiting for a delivery but she never got
it
and since the woman had to go to work
she asked her husband
to drive to the post office and ask
about her package
when mrs miller came back home mr miller
said he'd just returned from the post
office
but they said the package hadn't arrived
yet
mrs miller didn't believe him and
claimed he hadn't driven anywhere
how did she understand it
[Music]
take a look at the car it's all covered
in snow
to go to the post office mr miller would
have to clean it first
in a parallel universe you're only
allowed to have fun and eat candy
no one ever reads or studies mrs rellum
came back home after
a long and entertaining day at the club
her three daughters were supposed to
have a lot of fun on their own
she asked them what they had been doing
hannah said she'd been watching tv all
day long
ellie answered she'd spent the day at a
water park
ava told her mom she and her friends had
a candy eating contest
still mrs relum could tell one of her
daughters was lying
that daughter spent all day studying who
was it
[Music]
it was hannah take a closer look at her
hands
there are some ink stains if she had
actually watched tv
she wouldn't have needed a pen in june
students of the faculty of economics had
their econometrics exam
it was the hardest one in that semester
and everyone was worried
on the day of the exam the students
entered the classroom
everyone was assigned to a specific seat
a professor was sure one of the students
was going to cheat
so he made that person sit right in
front of him which student was it
and how did the professor know
it's the guy with dark hair it's june
and all the students are lightly dressed
still this student is wearing a sweater
with long sleeves
he must be up to something
now take a look at these three students
savannah
melody and scarlett one of them managed
to cheat at the exam
and no one noticed it can you tell who
it was
and how she managed to use her notes
it was scarlet she's wearing long boots
that's where she kept her notes
michelle was having a house party she
noticed that her brother had disappeared
and went upstairs to find him when she
neared his room
she heard laughter her brother was in
there with some girl
but michelle couldn't figure out who it
was she got very curious
so after they left she sneaked into his
room to look for some hints
she suspected three girls lily sydney
and nicole michelle immediately guessed
who her brother was dating
who was it
her brother is dating nicole there's an
earring on the couch
and nicole is wearing only one earring
which looks exactly the same
she must have lost it
can you tell which student in the
classroom isn't a real person
the guy in the middle doesn't cast a
shadow there's
definitely something fishy about him
michael had a crush on ellie the girl he
studied with
one day he decided to write her a note
asking her out
unfortunately he didn't remember which
desk was ellie's
can you tell which one michael needs
[Music]
take a look at ellie's photo she's
waving her left hand
which means she's likely left-handed
there's only one desk
where the pen is to the left of the
copybook it must be ellie's desk
a grocery store manager found out that
someone had been stealing bananas from
the store
all the time the man conducted his own
investigation
and got three suspects but he couldn't
accuse the customers
until he was 100 percent sure take a
look at these people
and say who the banana thief is
look at the guy wearing a top hat it's a
perfect place for hiding and stealing
stuff
he must be the thief brandon and
genevieve
are on their working trip to london they
decided to meet in a cafe
in the evening now they're both driving
there can you tell which of them
isn't smart
brandon in england people drive on the
left side of the road
and he's driving on the right
early in the morning a big sum of money
went missing from the accountants
safe in the office only three people
were at work at that time
haley the accountant said she'd left for
a couple of minutes to go to the
bathroom eric
the software manager claimed he'd had
his lunch break and hadn't seen anything
joseph the cleaning man said he'd been
cleaning the second floor at the time
can you figure out who's lying
[Music]
it's eric he couldn't have a lunch break
it was still early in the morning
someone had been stealing food from a
grocery store the manager couldn't find
out who it was
and hired a detective look at the
security camera footage for the last
year
and say who the thief is
it's the dark-haired pregnant lady it's
been a year
and she's still pregnant plus the size
of her belly
has never changed it must be fake
theo was spending the day with her
boyfriend derek after lunch
he said he had some urgent business to
deal with and left her for a couple of
hours
when derek came back theo realized he'd
been cheating on her
and broke up with him how did she find
out
take a closer look at derek's neck
there's a lipstick stain
it's red while theo is wearing pink
lipstick
which means it's not hers mr roberts one
of the best surgeons in the country
came to his insurance company the man
said he'd been robbed right in the
street
the assistant asked if mr roberts
remembered any specific
details about the criminal he said he
didn't
everything happened too fast and he had
very bad eyesight
the assistant refused to start the
investigation he said
mr roberts was lying he wasn't actually
robbed
why didn't the man believe mr roberts
[Music]
mr roberts is a surgeon but it's not
possible
to work as one if you have poor eyesight
it means
mr robert slide in a small town
someone stole all the chicken nuggets
from a local store
the owner called the police and they
started the investigation
there were three suspects who were in
the store at around that time
mrs wilson said her family was
vegetarian
she wouldn't be interested in chicken
nuggets mr martin
said he'd needed to return home very
fast he had to take a conference call
he didn't have any time to waste mr
thomas simply stated that he hadn't
stolen anything
can you tell who the thief is
[Music]
the thief is mrs wilson she said her
family was vegetarian
but behind her back there's a freshly
cooked chicken
on the table esme was having a walk in
the forest
after it started to get dark the girl
tried to find her way back home
but got lost finally she came across a
witch's house
and asked the woman to help her find her
way home
the witch only agreed to do so on one
condition
she gave esme a piece of string and said
put it
anywhere if i can step over it i'll keep
you with me
forever if i don't manage to do it i'll
show you the way home what can esme do
[Music]
esme should put the string right next to
the wall
this way the witch won't be able to step
over it
take a close look at the picture and
figure out who the thief is
look at this guy his right hand is
inside the woman's bag